Clarity on adding domains (#1556)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/domains/quick_start.md

---
title: "Quick Start"
weight: -70
description: |
  By default, a Platform.sh app is available at its Platform.sh domain. The following resources will help you take your application live in domain that you wish.
---

> By default, a Platform.sh app is available at its Platform.sh domain. The following resources will help you take your application live in domain that you wish. The custom domain allows using your unique branding and improves your web application recognition over the Internet in a friendly and beautiful URL such as: `http://www.mybusiness.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< description >}}

The custom domain allows you to use your unique branding and improves your web application recognition over the Internet.
```

> In this short section we will give you a  very simple, typical example. More involved use-cases (such as site with many domains or multiple applications are simply variations on this).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this short section we will give you a very simple, typical example. More involved use-cases (such as site with many domains or multiple applications are simply variations on this).
```

---
title: "Quick Start"
weight: -70
description: |
  By default, a Platform.sh app is available at its Platform.sh domain. The following resources will help you take your application live in domain that you wish.
---

By default, a Platform.sh app is available at its Platform.sh domain. The following resources will help you take your application live in domain that you wish. The custom domain allows using your unique branding and improves your web application recognition over the Internet in a friendly and beautiful URL such as: `http://www.mybusiness.com`.

> ## Quick Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

In this short section we will give you a  very simple, typical example. More involved use-cases (such as site with many domains or multiple applications are simply variations on this).

Suppose your project ID is `abc123` in the US region, and you've registered `mysite.com`.  You want `www.mysite.com` to be the "real" site and `mysite.com` to redirect to it.

> ### Configure `routes.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure `routes.yaml`
```

That will result in two domains being created on Platform.sh: `master-def456-abc123.eu-2.platformsh.site` and `www---master-def456-abc123.eu-2.platformsh.site`.  The former will automatically redirect to the latter.  In the `routes.yaml` file, `{default}` will automatically be replaced with `master-def456-abc123.eu-2.platformsh.site`.  In domain prefixes (like `www`), the `.` will be replaced with `---`.

> ### Set your domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set your domain
```

You can still access the original internal domain by running `platform environment:info edge_hostname -e master`.

> ### Configure your DNS provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure your DNS provider
```

Both point to the same name. See the note above regarding how different registrars handle dynamic apex domains.
{{< /note >}}

> ### Result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Result
```

6. Your browser sends a request to `1.2.3.4` for domain `www.mysite.com`.  Your router passes the request through to your application which in turn responds with whatever it's supposed to do.

On subsequent requests, your browser will know to simply connect to `1.2.3.4` for domain `www.mysite.com` and skip the rest.  The entire process takes only a few milliseconds.

> {{< note >}}

Reviewer: I think Larry meant for this to be somewhere in the "Set domains" section.

Author: Thank you @chadwcarlson

> [If that is not your case and you want more details.](/domains/in-depth/_index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning on using subdomains across multiple projects, [the setup will differ slightly](/domains/in-depth/subdomains.md).
```

> [If you want to run a subdomain see this page first.](/domains/in-depth/subdomains.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
